Sphinx doc (#2558)
paparazzi/paparazzi: doc/sphinx/source/installation/index_installation.rst

Installation
=================

> Paparazzi is very easily installed on any laptop or workstation running the Ubuntu Linux OS or virtually any Debian based Linux. Apple Macintosh running Mac OS X system are also fairly well supported. Windows is not currently supported, but we are looking for good will to handle this part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paparazzi is very easily installed on any laptop or workstation running the Ubuntu Linux OS or virtually any Debian based Linux. Apple Macintosh running Mac OS X system are also fairly well supported. Windows is supported through the WSL2 module (running a Linux kernel inside Windows10).
```
